<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>Preface</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="frontmatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="preface" epub:type="preface">
			<h2>TO THE PUBLIC.</h2>
			<p>The papers which are herewith submitted to you for your perusal and consideration, were delivered into my hands by Mr. Berl Trout.</p>
			<p>The papers will speak for themselves, but Mr. Trout now being dead I feel called upon to say a word concerning him.</p>
			<p>Mr. Berl Trout was Secretary of State in the Imperium In Imperio, from the day of its organization until the hour of his sad death. He was, therefore, thoroughly conversant with all of the details of that great organization.</p>
			<p>He was a warm personal friend of both Bernard and Belton, and learned from their own lips the stories of their eventful lives.</p>
			<p>Mr. Trout was a man noted for his strict veracity and for the absolute control that his conscience exercised over him.</p>
			<p>Though unacquainted with the Imperium In Imperio I was well acquainted with Berl, as we fondly called him. I will vouch for his truthfulness anywhere.</p>
			<p>Having perfect faith in the truthfulness of his narrative I have not hesitated to fulfil his dying request by editing his Ms., and giving it to the public. There are other documents in my possession tending to confirm the assertions made in his narrative. These documents were given me by Mr. Trout, so that, in case an attempt is made to pronounce him a liar, I might defend his name by coming forward with indisputable proofs of every important statement.</p>
			<p>Very respectfully,<br/>
			 Sutton E. Griggs,<br/>
			 March 1, 1899. Berkley, Va.<br/></p>
			<h2>IMPERIUM IN IMPERIO.</h2>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
